adding Global Biodata Coalition (#186)
ELIXIR-NO/website: src/content/about/index.mdx

    </DetailedFeature>

<DetailedFeature figSrc="/assets/logos/orgs/gbc-main.svg"
                     figCaption="Global Biodata Coalition logo">

>         ELIXIR Norway is closely coordinating with the Norwegian representatives to the [Global Biodata Coalition](https://globalbiodata.org/). The Global Biodata Coalition coordinates and secures funding from global funders to support sustainable data infrastructure for life sciences research. It helps ensure the long-term accessibility, interoperability, and preservation of biological data.

Author: ```suggestion
        ELIXIR Norway is closely coordinating with the Norwegian representatives to the [Global Biodata Coalition](https://globalbiodata.org/). The Global Biodata Coalition convenes the world’s research funders to exchange knowledge and share strategies for supporting biodata resources, and provides a discussion forum for the managers of data resources, with the aim of developing principles and models for the coordinated funding of global core biodata.
```
